Update working-with-the-rubygems-registry.md (#21922)
github/docs: content/packages/working-with-a-github-packages-registry/working-with-the-rubygems-registry.md

  Bundler version 1.13.7
  ```

> - Install keycutter to manage multiple credentials. To install keycutter:

Reviewer: mzagaja:patch-1

{% data reusables.package_registry.required-scopes %}

> You can authenticate to {% data variables.product.prodname_registry %} with RubyGems by: 
> * editing the  *~/.gem/credentials* file for publishing gems
> * adding a source using `gem sources --add` for installing gems using `gem install`
> * using Bundler for installing gems from an application Gemfile
> 
> #### Publishing Gems

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To publish and install gems, you can configure RubyGems or Bundler to authenticate to {% data variables.product.prodname_registry %} using your personal access token.
```

For further clarity, let's make this text more of an introductory summary, and focus on the details later in the section.

{% data reusables.package_registry.required-scopes %}

> To publish and install gems, you can configure RubyGems or Bundler to authenticate to {% data variables.product.prodname_registry %} using your personal access token.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To publish and install gems, you can configure RubyGems or Bundler to authenticate to {% data variables.product.prodname_registry %} using your {% data variables.product.pat_generic %}.
```

:github: Bearer TOKEN
```

> #### Installing Gems

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

Removed the headers for now to be consistent with our current style. I do understand what you were trying to do there, though. I'll open a followup internal issue for us to take a look at the current iteration of the content and make sure the structure isn't impeding comprehension. Thanks!

  - `REGISTRY-URL` with the URL for your instance's Rubygems registry, `rubygems.HOSTNAME`. Replace *HOSTNAME* with the hostname of {% data variables.location.product_location %}.
{% endif %}

> If you would like your package to be available systemwide you can simply run the following command to add your registry as a source.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you would like your package to be available globally, you can run the following command to add your registry as a source.
```
